Add guide for processing raster results (#63)
conveyal/docs: docs/analysis/regional.mdx

When accessibility results have been computed for origins on a rectangular grid, the map will show the number of opportunities accessible from each point in the region. Any destination opportunity layers, travel time percentiles, and cutoffs specified when you created the regional analysis can be interactively selected here.

## Downloading regional results

> If you want to show regional accessibility results with custom color bins or on your own basemap, you can download the results. The download button allows you to save displayed regional analysis results in a [GeoTIFF](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GeoTIFF) raster format. These files can then be opened in GIS software to create custom maps or [compute custom indicators](/guides/process-raster-results). Downloading results also allows you to see the raw [grid cells](/analysis/methodology#spatial-resolution) used for analysis, rather than the smoother interpolated results shown in your browser.

Reviewer: The introductory sentence only mentions "showing" results, and the step of downloading, which is just a means to an end. It might be better to describe the various end goals and summarize the full process up front before describing steps. 

```suggestion
For more advanced display and processing of regional accessibility results, you can download the results and open them in GIS software. This allows you to to create maps with custom color bins or your own basemap, or even [compute custom indicators](/guides/process-raster-results). The download button allows you to save the currently displayed regional analysis results in the [GeoTIFF](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GeoTIFF) raster format, which is supported by most common geospatial software. Working with the downloaded raster data also allows you to see the raw [grid cells](/analysis/methodology#spatial-resolution) used for analysis, rather than the smoother interpolated results shown in your browser.
```
